This week on the Lonnie and Ryan
podcast.
>> Lonnie, can I ask you a personal
question?
>> Oh my goodness. Yes.
>> I'm an open book when it comes to money.
So, we pay $450 per video.
>> Well, here's another problem I have,
too. Is it my best friend is not a big
fan of whatnot. I know.
>> Who's your best friend?
>> Oh, Ryan.
>> My issue was was that whatnot was paying
creators to sell this like dream that
anybody could start selling on whatnot
and make all this money. I I think our
our our time making YouTube videos might
not be that long, Josh. To be honest,
>> this week, Lonnie and I are welcoming
Josh, also known as Harry Tornado on
YouTube, a creator who has amassed a
huge following of over 443,000
subscribers. This conversation gets
really deep and we did not expect it to
go in this direction. So, sit back,
relax, listen, and welcome with us Harry
Tornado. All right. Well, Josh, thank
you for doing this. I appreciate you uh
you being willing to come on and um
>> yeah, you got back to me pretty much
right away when I reached out to you.
So, I appreciate that.
>> And he he asked to come on here.
>> He he he re he wanted to come here.
Yeah,
>> that's right about that.
>> Yeah. What Josh is Josh, you're Thank
you very much for doing this. You're one
heck of a sport, man. We appreciate it.
>> Of course. I think I think we had a
little uh um back and forth on one of
your Facebook posts about AI and I was
like, let's let's bring it to the
podcast. Let's duke it out.
>> What What do you think about AI, Josh?
Are are you a fan or are you you know,
>> you know, there's there's a limit. I
think it it can be useful, but um I I
agree with what Lonnie said. Like I
think you posted something on April
Fool's Day. You're like, "Oh my gosh,
all these freaking reseller posts with
AI and all this." It's it just it gets
old really quick. There's a there's a
fine line for sure.
>> Yeah. I think I think there's obviously
some like really good use for it, you
know, and like I use it every day, but I
don't use it for like what do they call
it? Like the AI slop.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So,
>> I like to use it in ways um I do use it
every day as well, but I like to but I
think as soon as you use AI and someone
looks at your work and they say, "Oh,
that's AI." Well, I think I think you
failed. I think you failed because like
I I think you you can use AI in a way
that people don't know. And I think
that's a success. like it can like more
backend type stuff that people don't
really see. I do use it on photos a
little bit, but I'm not using it to like
like a generative AI so much, you know?
>> Yeah.
>> I I had posted one time about how I use
it to create elements of a YouTube
thumbnail, but I would never use it to
create an entire thumbnail on its own.
>> Um I feel like that's a good mixture of
it because I can look at a thumbnail and
immediately tell if it's catchy. I think
everybody can at this point. Um, so I
think just using it to assist in your
creative
development rather than just relying on
it 100%. I think that's the way to go.
>> I I I'll tell you one use that we found
that's pretty interesting. Um,
we've been doing time lapses with 3D
printing. Okay? And so like every layer
that the printer prints the the phone,
we have a phone on a tripod in front of
it and it'll take a still shot, one
still image, right? And then does a
layer another still image and usually
you'll end up with like 300 to 500 or
maybe sometimes more if it's a tall
print.
Still images. Well, one really nice use
of AI, you dump them all into a folder
and you say, "Hey, uh, take all those
still images and output, um, a
time-lapse movie for me." And it does
that without having to bring all the
stuff into an editor
>> and and all that stuff. Like, it just
automatically does it. Nobody has a
clue,
>> you know? But that kind of thing,
>> the tedious stuff. I think that's what
AI was made for, to take care of all the
the tedious stuff that, you know, it
really doesn't matter if AI does it or
not. It's going to be the same thing
whether I sit there in my video editing
software and take 12 hours to put all
500 of those images, it's going to look
the exact same,
>> right? Yeah. Are you are are you like so
like on the on the YouTube side of
things these days, are you still do you
have any creative control over like the
thumbnails or have you kind of
outsourced that sort of thing? Because I
know you said that you got an editor,
right? Do you still use an editor?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Um, Riff, he's uh he's
great. He's he's great editor. He's
funny guy. Um, he uh he's he's been with
us since October, I think. So, it's been
a while. And he helps with thumbnails
sometimes. Like I try to make our own
thumbnails. Uh, but if I have if I have
a vision vision in my head that I don't
know how to because I don't know how to
use Photoshop. I just use Canva.
>> So, if I have something I need Photoshop
for, then I'll send it to Riff and he'll
spice it up a little bit.
Canva's pretty dang good though, like
especially recently because they've
implemented the the AI to Canva. So, you
can kind of just tell Canva what you
want
>> to an extent and it will pretty much do
it for you, which is pretty cool.
>> No, I haven't messed with the AI on
Canva very much. I've used like
>> it's really good.
>> I've used the expand because chatbt is
really bad at making 16 by9 images. It
always makes them shorter
>> and so I use Canva to expand the images
a lot to make it into a thumbnail. Um,
but I haven't used like the generative
AI. I get ads for all that stuff all the
time. Like art list and the banana
something something with banana. I don't
know. Just all those different things
you can do videos and all.
>> Nano banana. You talking?
>> Nano banana. Yeah.
>> Yeah. With that's that's a Gemini thing.
Google's Gemini.
>> Yeah.
>> There's just so many, man. It's just
it's it's like AI is taking over. Elon
tried to warn us.
>> He did. Well, he he was talking about
that years ago and how like because I
think he said that he he had like a
meeting with President Obama when Obama
was still in office
>> telling Obama about how like we need AI
regulation and Obama was just like,
"Yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever." And like
nobody was really listening at the time.
>> Yeah. Of course.
>> And and fast forward to today and man,
>> that's the thing about AI, man.
>> There Yeah. And there's really no there
really is no regulation
>> on it at all.
>> Like zero. I think when it's when AI
video especially starts getting good
enough to be
it pretty much indistinguishable from
the real thing. I think that's when
there's going to be some really serious
issues that I don't I don't know how
they're
>> dangerous dangerous weapon
>> because what's real at that point like
how do you how do you differentiate
what's real versus
>> it can be weaponized so easily.
>> 100%. It's scary.
>> It is. Until that point, we're just
gonna keep making YouTube videos and
hopefully survive the AI apocalypse.
>> I don't think we will. It's just a m I
think it's a matter of time, right? I
don't like I I think our our our time
making YouTube videos might not be that
long, Josh. To be honest,
>> well, you think, you know, they they say
the average age of a channel is like
seven years, and I think you and I are
both past that, or at least at that. So,
anything from this point on is bonus,
right? It's It's more than that we could
expect.
>> I guess I kind I always kind of thought
I'd be able to do this to the grave kind
of thing, but yeah, I kind of I'm
questioning that now. I really am.
>> I don't know. I think there'll always be
people that
crave authenticity
>> and uh I don't know. I mean, there's
definitely channels out there that are
100% AI, but they don't have a large
following for the most part. So, I don't
know. I think I think because we've
developed our core audience so early on
that that audience will remain
throughout the years for the most part.
Maybe not 40 years from now, but 5 to 10
years I think we'll be okay.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I'm hoping
>> hopefully at least. I'm trying to be
optimistic here.
>> I'm hoping. But here's the thing, man.
Like I I never would have predicted that
we would be where we are now. even like
even two years two three years ago like
when AI first started kind of popping up
I was like oh that's cute
>> I had like and and I knew it was coming
but I still had no clue to the extent it
was going to run everything
>> right
>> I mean and like it's it's ubiquity you
cannot get away from it like I I did you
see it come did you see did you think it
was going to be like this right now
>> um I did Not. I'll be honest.
>> No, I mean I don't think I I remember
when chat chatbt first came out and
everybody's like, you know, messing
around with it. I think they had a
million signups on their first days.
Everybody was posting about, oh, it's
amazing. It can just do all this stuff.
Um, and then now it's
I don't know. It can do a lot of stuff,
but it's still not it still doesn't know
how to make a 16 by9 image, you know?
So, there's a lot of room for
improvement. Uh, but the improvement
that that we've seen over the last year
and a half, two years has been pretty
drastic. So I don't know
a lot of simple things wrong as well.
Like it can do really complex things but
then like super mundane simple tasks it
seems to like trip up on.
>> Right. Right. Like if I take a photo say
if I take a photo of a white board that
has a bunch of numbers on it
>> and and I say hey add these numbers up.
It never or or how many numbers are
there? It can't do either one of those
things really or no. or how many Rs are
in strawberry, you know, or you know,
all that. That's a the the typical one
there. But real like simple task, but
then it can it can like help you design
and execute and or implement an entire
software package.
>> Yeah, I think I'm I'm I don't know for
sure, but I'm assuming ADHD Dave um used
AI to make his website Garage Cell HQ. I
don't think he has a a background in web
design. you I'm like three weeks ago you
knew nothing about this and then AI is
just AI paired with his ability to
hyperfocus on something. I mean he made
a whole website like that and super
fast. So that was impressive.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. It it can help you with the the
fancy stuff. Have you seen the videos of
the guy that like challenges AI and
these really dumb things? He's like
>> he was like hey I need you let me say
the last word. You don't say anything
else after this conversation. Okay.
>> And AI just keeps saying something. He's
like, "No, you don't say any." Just
little stuff like that. It just can't It
can't do that.
>> Or or he'll even I think I know the guy
you're talking about probably because
he's I think he's kind of been blowing
up a little while ago. I saw I saw him.
>> He said, "Hey, you're looking at my face
through a filter that makes me look
ugly,
that purposely makes me look ugly.
Describe what you see." And it's like,
yeah, you have u elongated ears and uh
exaggerated features and you know, it
doesn't look that bad, but something's
definitely off. And then the guy goes,
"Oh, I was lying to you. This is what I
really look like."
And then then AI is like, "Oh, no. Well,
you look you look fine. Uh, it's
probably just the lighting or
something."
>> It'll And then another one he's like,
"I'm eating I'm eating this meatloaf.
Doesn't it look good?" Oh, yeah. It
looks fantastic. And he's just like he's
just mimming like in thin air.
>> Yeah.
>> The the That's one thing about AI for me
that's scary is how
>> people pleasing it is instead of just
like
>> it it has for truth and fact it wants to
please us.
>> Yep. It's the ultimate yes man. Right.
>> That's why these people you see these
people like marrying their their AI chat
bots because that's the first person
they've ever met that agrees with
everything they say. I'm like, who
wouldn't want to marry somebody like
that?
>> Right. Right.
>> I was reading a article the other day. I
think I think it was Harvard researchers
like did a study on chat and found that
it has a high likelihood of sending
people into psychosis
>> because because it's such a yes man. So
like it will and like Lonnie just said,
it will lie to you.
>> So it and it will tell you what you want
to hear, not what the actual truth is.
>> So people that are already like maybe
mentally weak, maybe already have some
like mental struggles, me mental
illness, it will reaffirm their
delusions.
>> Yeah.
>> And it's scary. It's scary. It
>> again, this is why we need regulation.
>> I think I've actually seen it happen. I
think I've actually seen that happen. I
think I think there's
>> Yeah, there was some some god like
>> he he ended up I I don't want to
committing an act that harmed himself
>> and uh he said like the chat talked him
through it like encouraged him to do it,
instructed him how to do it.
>> They went back and saw all of his chat
logs and stuff. It's crazy. And then who
do you hold accountable for that? Like
I'm sure these companies have in their
terms of service that you know you can't
hold them accountable for something, but
I feel like somebody should be held
accountable.
And if nobody can be held accountable,
then should it even exist in the first
place?
>> You know, because I mean,
>> hey, you know, I had I had a more
shallow question for you, Josh, about
because you were talking about the
editing
>> and um man, that sounds so nice, but
like what is your actual
>> now? What is it? It's Riff. Is that his
name?
>> Yeah, his name's Aaron. He just goes
goes by Riff. R I FF. I don't know where
it came from,
>> but he uh
>> he used to work for um Phoenix Resale,
right?
>> Yeah. He he still edits for um Retro
Rick and then he edited for Phoenix
Resale for a while. He edited for Seth
Fowler, the shoe guy, for a while,
Hustle at Home Mom. He's done he's done
a lot.
>> Okay. Okay. So So what is that process
like? So like
>> you you must you obviously you must have
the original concept for the video
because you're shooting it.
>> Mhm. And then you take you just take all
your your files and you dump it on them
and maybe you tell give him a couple of
paragraphs about what you're going for
and then he works works it from there
and sends it back to you for review.
Like what is that process like?
>> Uh I mean you pretty much nailed it. Um
we we go out and film, you know, our
videos are based around what we find. So
I don't really have a story board or
anything. We just turn the camera on and
hope something happens. Um, and then
once we film everything that I think he
needs, we'll upload it to a Google
Drive. He'll go through and kind of do a
rough draft and and recommend things
that are missing like, "Hey, you should
do a clip of this. You add me give me a
a B-roll clip of whatever it is you're
talking about."
>> Uh, I send that to him and then he sends
us the sends us the completed video. His
uh he's very fast at it. He I sent him
footage today and he already got the
video back to us for Thursday
>> and um
>> Wow.
>> He's he's awesome. He's he's a
workaholic, man. That that guy works so
much
>> because like his edits seem pretty
pretty intricate from what I've seen.
Like really really
>> just the time to take to get like old
commercials and B-roll clips and memes
and all this stuff. And
>> even small stuff like he does these
things called J cuts. If you guys edit a
lot, you might know what they are. It's
where you take like the the audio of one
clip and it overlaps to the audio of the
second clip while the second clip stops
or vice versa. Um, that's just small
things. Most people probably don't
recognize it, but a professional video
editor would.
>> But most of my edits could probably
still be done in Windows Movie Maker, if
I'm honest.
>> That's that's the beauty of reselling
content, man. Our audience doesn't
really care about the production quality
that much. They just want to see the
stuff we're finding and selling.
>> I I would And you know what? I think you
might be wrong. Um,
>> okay. Because and in case in point, you
watch Justin resells at all?
>> Yeah.
>> And I watch the guy that edits his
videos now.
>> Okay. That's what I was That's what I
was going to say. Like
the production level on his videos
is so
>> incredibly high. Like
>> I've never seen any like he's like he's
releasing videos that like are meant for
like a million view audience.
>> What's that one he released recently?
Was it the one about like garage sales
in 2026? And it's like basically an
animation the entire video
>> while while he's like talking in his
garage or whatever.
>> Yeah. Have you seen that one, Josh? The
>> I've not seen that one. No.
>> It's wild. Basic he's basically got a
retro video game that's playing with a
little character pixelated character guy
going around a garage sales and it's
illustrating the points that Justin is
talking about in this retro style video
game.
>> Wow.
>> I I mean his AI for that
>> I have no idea. I mean I'm I don't know
which which means it's good. Like it's
>> if I don't know then it's really really
good execution.
>> Exactly.
>> But I can't imagine I can't imagine him
not doing it because like how many hours
can you sink into
a reseller video?
>> Yeah. What what do you really impress
impressed me with his channel is I mean
he just hit 100,000 subscribers so he's
growing really fast but his average view
per video is not super high but I know
how expensive a good quality editor is
and like how much time goes into that.
So, just the fact that he's willing to
invest so much time and money into his
channel. Um, like probably most of the
money that his channel is making, he's
just reinvesting into the business.
>> And that's just I love seeing that. Like
I'm like I'm rooting for him. Like I
want him to want all that work and and
investment to pay off.
>> Oh, I I do too. As a matter of fact, we
we need to get him on because I would
love to I would love to talk to him
about some of that stuff.
>> Absolutely.
>> So, is that something that you've seen,
Josh? like as far as since you've hired
an editor, right? Like obviously that
probably cuts into you don't have to get
into specifics or anything, but that
probably cuts into
>> He already did. He already did. He did.
Um
>> yeah, the you talked about Yeah, he
talked about the money the money that he
pays. And I'm not going to We don't need
to talk about it again, but all I can
remember
>> is I'm like, "Oh my gosh,
>> I wish our videos made what Josh was
paying his editor." Like I don't even
know how you can make money paying an
editor that much.
>> Yeah.
>> So like have you seen have you seen like
an overall growth because obviously
where you don't have to
>> edit
that frees up a ridiculous amount of
time for you to focus on other things
that makes money.
>> So like how is that going?
>> That's my problem. I have I have more
time but instead of focusing on things
that make money, I'm just golfing and
fishing more.
>> That's good. That's
>> enjoying life. No hate. Yeah, it's
>> like I'm seeing um Caleb Phoenix Resale.
He's he started his video game store and
all this stuff and he's just killing it.
And I'm like that dude is he's probably
not making a ton of money yet cuz there
he's reinvesting so much,
>> but he's setting himself up to be a
multi-millionaire one day for sure. And
I'm like I
>> part of me wants to do something like
that and part of me is like no, I'm very
content with with how things are right
now.
>> I feel like the brickandmortar thing
isn't really for everyone. I mean,
that's a that's a big commitment. That's
a huge
>> so expensive. There's so much overhead.
Our like, we have our warehouse in the
backyard, so our overhead is like,
>> I don't know, 300 bucks a month for
electricity or something. And that's
just really nice. I can't imagine
having, you know, 30, 40, 50 grand a
month in overhead.
>> Probably less than he has.
>> It isn't a lot of his though, it's it's
based a lot around like his app, his
buying app or um
>> like quick quick flip.
>> Quick flips. Yeah,
>> like the video.
>> He doesn't really upload on his main
channel anymore. He just does the quick
flip stuff and they just kind of
document
>> running a video game business. It's
really interesting. I I love it. He gets
a lot of hate comments still for some
reason,
>> but I I I really like it.
>> Sorry, I'm off topic. The the editor
though,
>> um yeah,
>> it is expensive. I don't I don't
remember. I'm an open book when it comes
to money. So, we pay $450 per video.
>> Okay. And that's it took a long time to
do that because our videos our videos do
well usually, but that's still a large
portion of the income that they make.
>> Right. And we again we hired him in
October. So I'd say by like January,
>> the channel had started. I mean, since
we hired him, honestly, the channel has
been growing faster than it has in the
past.
>> Um, and I've been able to start posting
on Facebook more. And so with the added
income from Facebook and the extra time
I have now, just the value of that uh
and the
>> growth that the channel has seen from
the better edits and you know the fresh
look on things, it has the business as a
whole is making more money now even
though we're paying them that much money
to edit.
>> Okay.
>> So, wow.
>> It all it's just like any other
business. Hiring people is scary, you
know, because that's money. You've got
people's family that are depending on
you. Um but the whole point of hiring
people is to make more money. Nobody
hires somebody and makes less money
unless it's you know just to get them
time back like a secretary or something.
>> So you you said something recently um
I don't remember where it was. You're
you're talking everywhere. Probably
Facebook though.
>> Probably Facebook.
>> But you said um you you talked about how
many hours a week you work. And I'll be
honest with you, Josh,
>> when I saw you when I saw what your
answer was, I was like no way. No way.
You think it's more or less?
>> I I've I felt like it had to be more,
but I'm, you know, I'm I'm open. I'm I'm
willing to hear you out. Uh, describe to
me how you do all your work in 20 hours
a week.
>> I think I I mean, some some weeks are
different, right? Right.
>> I'm trying to think back to the Facebook
post. I think it was like 27 hours to I
don't think it was exactly something
like less than 30. Um, I don't know.
Like I'll walk So, I'll walk you through
Mondays. Monday mornings I usually play
golf with some guys from my church
because we have a big whatnot show that
night. So that's like take the day off
and just work that night.
>> Um so usually it's like four hours on
the day like an hour prepping for the
show and then three hours doing the
show.
>> Tuesday our shipper Kim comes in and
ships everything. So we might either go
to the Goodwill bins and film the video
or just do some organization on the
warehouse. Usually like two to three
hours of work there. Um the Wednesdays
are kind of the same. Sometimes we'll go
to the flea market that's open on
Wednesday mornings and film a video.
Sometimes we'll just hang out at the
house and work in the warehouse cleaning
stuff or getting stuff ready for the
whatnot show, the next whatnot show on
Thursday. Um, sometimes I'll vlog off on
Wednesday afternoon. I don't know. Same
with Thursday. Wednesdays and Thursdays
aren't really set in stone. We just kind
of do whatever needs to be done, you
know,
>> but it's usually 3 to five hours of work
each each day. And then um
Fridays Fridays are usually pretty easy.
Fridays we go out to breakfast with a
couple from our church and
go to Costco may maybe stop by a thrift
store on the way home, you know, pretty
pretty minimal.
>> So So you pretty much So based on what
you just said, it sounds like you pretty
much you're basically talent at this
point
>> for your own basically
>> you're just talent. Not I'm not saying
not to minimize it, but I'm just saying
like
>> you aren't you aren't listing things.
You aren't shipping things. You aren't
editing anything. You are basically on
air for like live stream whatnot and for
filming videos.
>> Mhm.
>> But you're not actually doing anything
outside of that except for
>> I listed two things on eBay last week.
That's pretty good. That's pretty good
for me.
>> That sounds pretty nice though. I'm not
going to lie. No. Yeah. It's just I mean
we we just keep as the business grows,
we've just hired more help like hiring
Kim, our our shipper.
>> Um we first hired her as like a a
listister and then we just got to where
we weren't listing enough stuff and we
were selling a bunch of whatnot. So then
we just had her do that. And sometimes
we'll do like we're doing a whatnot show
um Thursday that we'll ship that on
Friday morning. But she and she's a
contractor so she can do whatever she
wants. But generally she comes in on
Tuesdays to ship our Monday night show
and then maybe Friday if we do a
Thursday night show. Um,
>> so are you selling like pretty much
majority whatnot at this point? Like
what what's that look like
>> versus eBay? Is it is eBay pretty
minimal now?
>> Yeah, I think we have like 70 listings
on eBay and most of them are bad. Like I
I really want to just delete everything
from eBay and and start fresh. I would
love to have a store with like
>> 50 items, like 50 items that are all
just cool and
>> sought after valuable things that are
worth at least at least 50 bucks, you
know, just have a cool store that makes
thousand bucks a month or something. I
don't know.
>> Um, my problem is every time we find
something cool and ebay worthy, I ended
up just running on whatnot because I
like giving people a good deal.
>> So, I'm like, whatever.
>> When are you gonna get on whatnot? H I
don't know, Josh. I don't know. We
thought Here's the thing. Um is we boy,
we live very different lives, Josh. I'm
realizing that. I already knew that. But
I mean, it's like just hearing hearing
your days. I play golf and then I film
my shepherd, my editor.
>> I I just want to clarify. I I'm
extremely blessed
>> to live the life that that we do. I
mean, we worked really hard in the
beginning to to build this. And I'm not
saying that
>> absolutely. You know, I just I don't
want to I don't want to come off as like
ungrateful. Like I realize how how lucky
we are to do what we want to do.
>> The work you put in at the beginning to
get to this point is insane. Like
>> it's just I just I just wanted to
clarify in case somebody was listening
to this and they're like, "Man, this guy
sucks." I'm like, "Oh, yes, but not for
reasons that you think."
>> No, no, no. I I hope I didn't come off
like like that myself because I I know
because I know how hard you've worked.
I've been watching you over the years. I
know what what you've put into this and
and you're reaping the rewards. Uh but I
I just had no idea you were playing that
much golf every day. That's a lot of
golf.
>> Not every day. I I played three three
times last week. Sometimes some weeks I
don't play at all. Some weeks I'll go
one or two weeks I'll play. Other weeks
I'll play five days. It just depends.
>> No, but here here's the thing with
whatnot. I do see I definitely do see
the attraction to it. But um we we we
buy and sell so many different types of
items. I I feel like we like it's too
random. And I also feel like as of right
now, um our eBay business, the eBay side
of what we're doing, uh it act it isn't
like it it's not for fun. We do rely on
that money. like we we we don't like
>> we don't want to sell stuff that's worth
$100 for 30,
>> you know, like we can't really we we we
rely on the income from eBay like to
live on and stuff, you know, and uh so
>> I don't know, man. I I I don't know.
I've I've been interested in it. I just
don't know how I would start or where I
would get that time from. So, I don't
know. I haven't I would say I I don't
one I don't think random items uh hurts
you. We do all of our stores all of our
shows in the storage unit category even
though not all of our items come from
storage units
>> but you should just watch one of our
shows one night like we sell everything
like we have our like wholesale
consumable stuff like our soap and hot
sauce but then we'll sell plushies and
shoes and kitchen wear and tools. We
sold like just on Monday night or
Saturday night we sold a DeWalt drill.
We sold um a couple pairs. I don't know,
just all sorts of stuff. Like people
have no idea what what we're going to
sell when they come to a show. Um and
then we giving people good deals on
stuff. I mean, the Dwalt drill sold for
like $140, which is probably what we
could have got for it on eBay. But if I
sell somebody something that's worth a
hundred bucks on eBay and they get it
for 40 or whatever, like I guess
technically we lost money on that one.
But generally those people are going to
come back to this show in the future
because they got such a good deal. And
maybe when they come back, they'll get a
bar of soap or something that we make
really good profit on, or they'll get
some other little small things that make
up the difference on those big losses.
Because if you just sell small junky
stuff, nobody's excited to come to your
show because that's all you ever sell.
But if you occasionally throw in those
$50 or $100 items, they're going to be
excited to get that.
>> So, how many people are how many people
watch your show? Sorry, Ryan. I just
want to
>> Oh, you're fine.
>> Um, it it just depends. On Monday
nights, we usually have four to 500
people. Saturday we have like 300 just
because there there's no fees on
Saturdays so there was just a lot of
people selling
>> no fee. There's no fees on Saturdays.
>> It was a special promotion. I think they
did it for like tax day or something. I
don't know. But it was they don't they
didn't charge any commissions. There was
still a payment processing fee. Um but
you only had to pay, you know, 2.5 2.9%.
>> Instead of 10.9% technically.
>> So where is like the majority of your
inventory coming from mostly? Is it like
the bins or like are you getting a lot
of it from storage units? Like is it
mostly storage units?
>> We don't do a ton of storage units.
Maybe like one a month, but obviously
that's a huge surge of inventory.
>> Um
>> we we go to the bins a lot lately
because the flea market's been too
expensive and
>> don't really have any other options
around here. And the bins is great. I
mean, there's a lot of junk, but you can
find some really good stuff. Haley found
some some brand of tool like electrician
tool belt.
It starts with an O. I don't know.
They're like 200 bucks. I was like, "Oh,
sweet." Like, "That's awesome." Just all
sorts of stuff.
>> The only reason I've been thinking more
I'm sorry, Ryan, I interrupted you
again. The only reason
>> more and more about it is because
lately, dude, every time we go out, we
come back with a freaking truckload. And
I'm like, we're we're kind of at the
point now like we're taking days off of
sourcing
>> because we just we simply can't list it
fast enough.
>> So that that does have my wheels
turning. I'm like, man, I can't even
like there's stuff out there we're not
even going to buy.
>> Yeah.
>> Because we can't list it fast enough. So
I like
>> it's tempting to me, don't get me wrong.
Okay. Do you have you ever found
anything that was like cool but not
really worth a ton of money and you're
like, "Man, this is awesome." Even
though the comps were low. Like for
instance, I went to this church sale one
time and they had a huge collection of
these vintage koozies from the 80s and
they had like
>> Bart Simpson and like beer logos and
like cool sayings, whatever. I'm like
these are not they wouldn't I mean you
might sell them on eBay but not for very
much money but we sold those and whatnot
and they sold for like $12 a piece on
average. We paid 10 cents a piece at the
yard sale.
>> Wow.
>> And I think lots of stuff like that
that's just interesting, small, not
unconsequential, inconsequential,
whatever. Like somebody's just going to
buy it. Five, 10 bucks. I I think
whatnot is perfect for that kind of
item.
>> Well, here's another problem I have,
too. Is it uh my best friend is is is
not a big fan of whatnot.
>> Who's your best friend? Oh, Ryan. I
didn't know if y'all were best friends.
Yeah, I know. What What was it? I
remember the meme. It was like It was
like that guy sitting at the the thing
at the at the college campus and the
sign said, "What not is fan exploitation
changed my mind."
>> You remember that?
>> I remember that one.
>> Oh,
>> I remember. And I get it. I I totally
get it. I get it.
>> I get it. My main issue with whatnot
was and it kind of it kind of fits into
that
was the fact that a lot of creators at
the time this was like what four five
four years ago now or something so a
lot's changed and I was wrong a lot
about a lot too like I I didn't think
whatnot was going to be the next thing I
thought it was going to be like a
shortlived fad. I was obviously wrong
about that. But what my issue was was
that whatnot was paying creators to sell
this like dream that anybody could start
selling on whatnot and make all this
money which just isn't the case. Like if
you don't have a social media following
actually, didn't you make a post about
that recently the other day? You're like
probably
>> you said something like um
>> it was like a little meme of of a guy
like crying with like
>> Oh yeah. Yeah. First first time whatnot
sellers be like
>> Yeah, exactly. So, like
>> I don't want to be the guy. I don't want
to be the crying guy. You know,
>> you you won't like you you guys have
enough of a following that you could do
whatnot and be successful. Oh, you got
like 20 or 30 people in your first show.
Like, you could sell plenty of things
like that.
>> Josh, that's what makes me less want to
do it, not more. That makes me
>> You don't want to You don't want to
exploit your fans?
>> No, I don't.
>> No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. It's
>> I mean I mean you understand what I'm
saying like
>> Yeah.
>> but I do want to sell a bunch of stuff
fast and make a lot of money,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> You know, like
>> it's the same with um I don't know like
I I think the people that actually come
to our shows and watch how we run things
understand it more. Like if somebody
comes to our show and they're like,
"Hey, it's my first time here. I watch
you on YouTube. Love your channel." I'm
like, "Oh, great." And they buy
something, you know, they buy some
little plush animal and they spend $25
on it. We're going to throw extra stuff
in their box. we're going to give him an
extra sticker. We're going to, you know,
give him another plush or whatever.
Like, I want to make sure people don't
feel like they're being exploited. Like,
I want them to have a good time and have
fun and come back. Uh, and we don't
always show that on camera, you know,
and um we're one of the few
>> whatnot channels with uh, you know, so
many solds that still have a true
fivestar rating. There's a lot of 4.9
star ratings, but I'm very proud of the
fact that we still had five stars after
selling 50,000 items over the last 5
years. Um, yeah, because I'm
>> I'm super grateful for a following both
on YouTube and whatnot because this
business wouldn't exist without that.
So, like if any like you have an you
have an issue with something you bought,
whatnot, here's all your money back
immediately. No questions asked. Like I
just want you to be pleased with this
transaction and and come back in the
future and give us another shot. Um, so
exploitation, I get like I understand
it, you know, I understand where you're
coming from. Um, but we just tried
really hard to make sure our fans feel
appreciated.
>> Again, you know, I got a little crazy
back then. You know, I was I was pretty
I was get I was going pretty hard, but
yeah, like my main issue was just the
fact that that so many creators were
being paid to like almost sell this
dream that wasn't true. That was the
issue I had.
>> I mean, I'll I'll challenge I'll
challenge it a little bit. You just have
to have a good personality. Like I think
a lot of people I see
>> but but that's the thing though not not
everybody has that like not anybody can
just that's my issue that's my issue but
it's but it's whatnot is very it's a
social selling like live selling you
have to be social. So if you get on
there and you're just quiet and you look
nervous and you're just holding stuff up
you know there's no why would I buy that
from you? I could go on eBay and get it
for for what
>> but if you're fun like if you um do you
guys know Kelsey Mellow State?
>> Yes. Yes.
>> She's awesome. She is like the perfect
example of you no no no name honestly
when she started selling whatnot. No,
>> when she started when she started
selling or whatn not she started before
she got famous on Facebook and all that
stuff like she grew it like she truly
>> TV or something wasn't she on TV or
something also or
>> to my knowledge I don't know all of her
backstory but she did not have a large
social media following before selling a
whatnot I'm going to throw that
>> okay but but yeah that that that little
piece right there the the uh personality
piece
>> I mean Gosh, you've worked your butt
off,
don't get me wrong, but if you don't
have the talent,
there's plenty of people that work as
hard or harder than you that do not have
like 500,000 subs on YouTube or
whatever,
>> you know. Yeah.
>> So, so you can't personality harder and
try, you know, p, you know, and and
>> personality max.
>> You either got it or you don't at some
point, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I guess you got it.
>> I think you got it. I think you got it,
Lonnie.
>> I got a little piece of it. I don't
know.
>> I would I would come to your I've got
I've got $1,500 of whatnot credit. I
will spend 50 of that if you do a
whatnot show. I'll buy your first item.
>> Josh,
your $50 is really not that compelling,
I'll be honest.
>> But man, it's a it's a hell of a gesture
though, man. I appreciate that. I I I I
think um I always said like yeah obvious
I agree with you guys not everybody's
going to be successful whatnot probably
most people are not going to be
successful whatnot but um I think if
you've got a good personality and you
have the ability to get a bunch of stuff
quickly and cheap like through storage
units or estate buyouts or something you
just need to move stuff and you don't
care about top dollar whatnot's going to
be a big tool in your tool belt
>> Ryan if I did a whatnot show would you
be mad at me.
>> No.
>> Would you buy something? Would you sign
up?
>> I'm over I'm over the whatnot hate, man.
>> Okay.
>> Ryan, you want to do whatnot? You can
use my referral code.
>> I don't think I can at this point.
>> I support people. I support people that
do whatnot and I think it's great, but I
think if I do it, I'm just going to look
like a big old idiot. So, I'm good.
>> Has eBay ever reached out to you, Josh?
eBay Live?
>> We not for live. We work with eBay in
the past. They they asked us back in
like co 20 2021 maybe they invited us to
come to New York for eBay live and
>> I was like why? And they're like I just
want you to come. It was so funny cuz
when we got there like they paid us kind
of a lot of money to film a video about
this and we got to the door and they're
like you're not on the list.
>> I'm like what are you talking about? I
got paid to be here and they're like
yeah you're not on the list. So I had to
like get on the phone and I was standing
outside the street in New York calling
our marketing guy and seeing who he
talked to. I'm like this is crazy. I'm
like, I've already got the money. So, it
was it was weird. But they eventually
>> just like, all right, see you.
>> It was weird.
>> That's such an eBay thing to do.
>> Yep. We still get Christmas gifts from
them, though. We got the t the blanket
this year. I don't know why. We They
just I guess they want us to come back.
I don't know.
>> You know, you know who has never gotten
a Christmas gift from eBay?
>> Is it you?
>> No, I have z I have zero. People might
not believe it.
>> Crazy.
>> I know. It's It's ridiculous. I have The
only time I've ever had any contact with
any anybody somewhat high up at eBay is
when I made a series of videos talking
about how I got scammed or something,
>> like a charge chargeback, and then eBay
didn't have my back. I think I recorded
some phone calls and ran that might have
something to do with it. And um yeah,
some somebody from eBay swooped in,
cleaned it up, took care of it, and then
that's the only time I've ever heard
from them. They I've never had any
relationship at all with eBay.
>> And I'm fine with that, actually. It
kind of it works out. I'm happy.
>> But you're like an eBay guy. Like, you
know, you guys sell them like Merkari,
whatever. That's crazy.
>> Yeah. No, we we sell we sell eBay,
Poshmark, Mccari, and Etsy, but eBay
comprises probably 85% of sales for us
at least.
>> That's interesting.
>> Yeah. I don't know why they don't like
me.
>> Ryan, do you still sell stuff?
>> I do.
>> Yeah, I do. I sell I sell stuff here and
there. I still get I don't know.
>> I've got over a hundred listings in my
store still.
>> I sell, you know, I sell something maybe
like once a week, maybe something like
that. Yeah, that's
>> Yeah, but I kind of like um I I kind of
before I actually quit the reselling
content, I I kind of transitioned into
doing it with my dad. We were buying
storage units.
>> Yeah.
>> And we were doing that for a while and
it was fun. Might go back to doing it
again. I don't know. We'll see. But
>> it's a lot of work, man.
>> It is. It's a ridiculous amount. Do you
have you you have an enclosed trailer,
right?
>> We do. It's very janky. We
>> You just bought it, didn't you? Didn't
you just buy one?
>> We did. We got a good deal on it, but
for good reason. It's It's like falling
apart. I keep want to buy a newer one. I
was like, I don't need like it works.
It's just ugly and raggedy. So, I we'll
probably keep it until it doesn't work
anymore.
>> Cuz we bought one when we started to do
a lot of the units and man that that was
like the greatest thing. It was the
biggest game changer ever. It was great%
>> because you can fit so much into it.
>> What about Wade? Wade's Ventures. Um,
did I I I haven't watched him in
forever. Actually, a few of his shorts
pop up for me every now and then, but I
I remember he had that that tra that
trailer or truck with the side open
u panels on like like you would open it
on the side and you could load it.
>> Yeah.
>> Did y'all ever y'all never saw that?
>> I didn't. No.
>> He's still doing it though. He's still
doing it.
>> Is he still uploading? Wow.
>> He's a He's a OG. Yeah, he is.
>> Did he start before you, Lonnie?
>> Uh, I don't know. I don't think so. Pro
somewhere around that same time though,
I think. Probably.
>> Yeah.
>> I remember when I when I started there
was like I found you and Bonafide
Hustler and Cincinnati Picker, Taco
Stacks, Steve Raiken Profit,
>> all the all the OGs back in the day.
Lindy Glenn. Lindy Glenn's blowing up
doing her thing.
>> Killing it. Killing it. I mean, she's
I was I was looking at her channel the
other day. I was like, man, if your CPM
is anywhere what I think it is, you got
to be making like 60 grand a month.
Like, that's crazy.
>> I could be off, but
>> it's probably a lot the CPM and and and
if for those of y'all don't know what
what what he's talking about, she's
doing uh like reaction and outrage
content now,
>> I would say. Right.
>> Rage bait. That's it. That's it. Rage
bait. And you know, like and I would
imagine the CPM is probably fairly low
on that, wouldn't you think, Josh? Or
>> Yeah. I mean, certainly not as high as
reselling content, but I wouldn't think
it's as low as like video game content
or something,
>> right? I agree with that.
>> I agree with that.
>> Quick interruption. I hope you guys are
enjoying the episode so far, but I just
wanted to mention real quick that Lonnie
and I have a channel membership called
The Inner Circle. Almost every week
before we go live and record the podcast
with our guest, we have a live stream
for members only, only members of the
inner circle, about a half an hour
before the show to hang out, talk,
discuss our life, and also sometimes
give a little sneak peek to who we're
having on the show that week. If you're
interested in joining the inner circle,
all you have to do is click join down
below. Let's get back to the show.
>> I have a question. Uh Josh.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you still uh do you still own the the
real estate investment that you were
>> Yeah.
>> You still do?
>> Yeah. We did the
>> Are you renting that out?
>> Mhm.
>> Yeah. We have um
>> if you guys don't know, we did a like a
$20 flip house thing. I I just wanted
something to
>> spice up the channel, you know? That's
one thing that we've always done. I'm
like, if we just keep doing the same
thing over and over and over again, like
people are going to lose interest
eventually. So, I was like, "Hey, what
if we buy a house and try to flip it,
being, you know, total amateurs who
don't know anything we're doing." And
then not only that, but also doing it
for only $20 out of pocket, just
starting with 20, buying some stuff,
selling it, and then like using the
profit from that $20 investment to pay
for all.
>> Uh, we did it. It took like year and a
half maybe to do everything. We spent
like just over $30,000. Did all new
kitchen, all new, two bathrooms. And you
did most of the work yourself, right?
>> Yeah. Well, I heard all the drywall.
That's one thing. You always hire out
drywall,
>> right? Right.
>> We uh like the plumbing. It's just crazy
how much money you can save.
>> Like I asked our plumber, it was old
copper pipes. I was like, "How much to
cut all these out and just replace it
with PEX?" And he wanted like $5,500.
>> And I was like, "I could figure it out."
PEX is just like Legos, right?
>> And I did it for like 300 bucks. It took
me 15 hours, but that's a lot of That's
$5,000 saved. Yeah, that'd be a
>> Yeah, you're like even your time might
not be be quite worth $350 an hour or
whatever. Or it might be close anyway.
>> And now I have that skill. Now I can,
you know, keep it and do it again. We
did we did a lot of the work ourselves.
>> We learned a lot. I learned that I don't
want to do it again.
>> You were always like uh you did
woodworking in the past too though,
right?
>> Yeah. Like before the reselling, weren't
you into like you would
>> Yeah,
>> it was one It was my first side hustle
and then I just realized that people
don't pay enough money for it to be
worth doing as a side hustle. If you're
going to do it, it needs to be uh for
fun.
>> So, do you have do you have a like a
property manager that takes care of it?
No, we it took us a while to find a
tenant uh because we didn't want to rent
to family or friends, but then like the
first couple of tenants that came up
that weren't family or friends, I'm
like, "Oh my gosh, these people are
terrible." Like I'd rather have I'd
rather have a family. So, we ended up
renting to a couple from our church
that's like,
>> "Oh, nice."
>> Like their granddad is married to
Haley's grandma, but it's like steps, so
they're like third step cousins or
something. I'm like, "That's far enough
away. I can evict you if you don't pay."
Yeah. I don't want to be too close where
I can't have it like that you like
somewhat know. That's a that's a big
easy one that you know and trust. That's
the pro and con. Like if it's somebody
you know,
>> then you trust them, but then if they
don't pay, you've got to be able to
evict them,
>> right?
>> It's a weird situation.
>> Look out. You don't want to look out the
out the window and they're living on the
street like begging because you kicked
them out of the house, right? Like Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> It's tough. Landlording is not for
everybody, man.
That's probably a decent like revenue
stream for you guys though because like
you have no debt on that house, right?
>> Yeah, the house is is paid for. It's
Yeah, I I made a separate bank account
for it. So, all the money they paid for
rent is just going into that account.
>> Um and once they they're building a
house right now, so once they move out,
we'll probably end up selling it as long
as the market isn't worse than it is
now.
>> And you probably have some pretty good
equity there, right?
>> I think so. We we paid 155 for it and
then Zillow says it's worth like 210 but
Zillow also doesn't know that it's
upgrade upgraded.
>> So hopefully we can get like 230 240 for
it or whatever plus the money that's
once everything is cashed out and all
that stuff we'll have all the rental
money just sitting in the account that
we could take then. So it's been nice.
It's just like a savings account. I mean
we don't make a ton of money from it but
it's every month I get the deposit
through Zel. I'm like oh that's nice
free money.
Yeah. No, that's cool. What about
sponsor deals? Do you have a lot Do you
do a lot of sponsor deals with uh
YouTube still?
>> Not a lot of them. I I watched your
episode with ADHD and I think there was
some some talk about that, right? Or
maybe it was episode trash to cash. They
were talking about that.
>> Did we? I don't know.
>> I don't remember.
>> No, we
>> Oh, Dave talked about he like burnt all
of his like sponsor deals.
>> Yeah. On his cooking channel. Yeah. We
um we don't do a ton. I we have one like
a year-long contract with up the upside
app and I like that one a lot because
it's just it's free and it's easy to do.
>> What is that? I don't even know what
that is.
>> It's just an app on your phone where um
it shows you like offers in your area
like gas stations, grocery stores, and
restaurants. And if you buy something
from one of those places like get gas,
it just gives you cash back.
>> Um
>> I don't really know their revenue model.
I'm assuming they're like collecting
data from shopping habits and selling
that to advertisers or whatever. Um, but
it's nice free app and it's like, hey,
you can get 40 cents back at the Shell
station and then you just go and get gas
and it gives you money back.
>> But whatnot is a big sponsor for you,
right? Like
>> not anymore. They they used to be. We
used to make a ton. I mean, occasionally
they'll do like a oneoff with us. Um,
but I think they're just so big now that
they don't need to with us.
>> We helped them all we could and now
they're
>> they're on their way. But but you you
still get affiliate sign up, but anybody
could get that, right? So like
>> Yeah. Well, it was cool because when
whatnot first started, they were
incredibly generous. They were giving if
if somebody used our code and signed up
for whatnot and bought something, we
would get $50 in whatnot credit and $50
in cash.
>> Whoa.
>> For And I was like, are you sure? Like I
remember asking them multiple times
like, are you sure? Like we had $17,000
in whatnot credit at one point. And I
was like, this is this feels wrong. And
they're like, nope, it's fine. Of
course, they stopped that. So, we get $5
now. But
>> So, you had to you had to spend that 17k
on whatnot, right?
>> Yeah, I did. I bought a lot of stuff to
resell. Like, I probably flip that 17
into like 50 just buying some whatnot to
to resell it.
>> Um I tried to make good use out of it.
>> But, uh we're we're we're still getting
some referrals now at that $50 price
point because it's like people that
clicked the link to sign up way back
when and never bought anything. Now
they're finally buying something and
whatnot is honoring like the the price
that it was when they clicked it.
>> So that's nice. It happens like maybe
once every three weeks. I like 50 bucks.
Sweet.
>> That's awesome.
>> That is pretty cool.
>> Wow.
>> But obviously they couldn't they they
were just
>> gobbling up all that money in the
beginning. They had so many investors
and they were just spending money like
crazy.
>> They were burning through that venture
capital is what they were doing, right?
And it worked. It worked.
>> Yeah. It doesn't usually work, but in
this case, it work.
>> So, um, do you have any other business
ideas?
>> Are you Are you kind of content where
you're at?
>> I So, I want to make a video about the
difference between contentment and
laziness because I feel like there's a
fine line there.
>> Yep.
>> I'm like, I feel so content in life. I
was like, do I or am I just lazy? And I
don't I don't want to go. But sometimes
uh I I think I have undiagnosed ADHD. So
sometimes I'll get like random spurts to
like I want to go start a dog grooming
service or something, you know, in the
video we posted
>> shaved ice.
>> Shaved ice. Yeah, that was our last
video.
>> That guy, it's just crazy. What? He
wanted $32,000 for that ice trailer.
>> Yeah, that's outrageous. Yeah.
>> I'm like I I'm not a professional, but
I'm pretty sure I can buy everything
brand new for half that. But I don't
know. Maybe somebody's like, "Maybe he
didn't want to sell it." I was like,
"But he doesn't use it. It's literally
just sitting there." And assuming he
doesn't own that storage unit facility.
He's paying monthly to store his trailer
there.
>> I'm like, "This is just eating a hole in
your pocket. Let me let me give you six
grand and you just give it to me."
>> Wasn't meant to be.
>> Can you know? I don't have any other
business business ideas. I probably
should. That's a tough one because
I don't know if you guys have felt the
same way. Like when you when you have a
video or or your channel in general is
kind of blowing up, right? Like it's so
easy to kind of like bask in that glory
and be like, "Oh, yeah. This is great."
>> And you get content
>> and you ride that you ride that high
wave for a while
>> and then all of a sudden you look around
and you're on the bottom of the hill and
it's like, "Uh oh, now what?" He might
then you just
>> Josh may not know what that feels like.
>> He might not. I don't know.
>> I think
>> we've had hills and uh you know plateaus
and dips and stuff. Um like I said, we
just try to we just try to keep things
fresh. I mean, still sticking with the
idea of we are looking for cheap things
that are worth a lot more than that. Um
but just doing it in different ways. Um,
I think lately the storage unit videos
have been doing really well, but those
are the hardest videos to do because
it's hard to find
>> it's hard to find a good unit and if you
do find a good unit, it's hard to get it
at an affordable price.
>> And then if you do get a good one at a
good price and it's a lot of work to go
through it all,
>> right?
>> So, it's I wish the Goodwill bins videos
did better because those are the easiest
to film. We could film a whole video in
an hour and a half and be done with it.
>> Do you like going to the bins?
>> I love it. I've always like even I'm
going to be like 80 years old one day
and if the bins are still what the bins
are, I'm gonna I'm gonna be like those
old guys at the bins. I'm be there every
day just digging around. It's awesome,
man.
>> It's not even about It's not about the
money, right? Like we we make a lot of
money on YouTube. We're super blessed.
So me going to the bins and finding
something for a nickel that sells for 50
bucks. It's not it's not going to change
my life. But I love that feeling.
>> And I love showing people that that's
possible. I'm like, "Hey, if I if I had
to restart over right now and I had no
money and, you know, all this debt or
something like that, I would go to the
Goodwill bins. There's no other place in
the world you can get stuff for so cheap
that could possibly be worth so much
money." And there's people out there
that $50, $100 would change their lives.
That change our life. I used to be one
of those people. I wish I knew what the
Goodwill bins was 12 years ago when I
was
>> What about What about garage sales? I
mean, garage sales are are pretty
similar. I mean, sometimes you got to
pay a little more. Uh, but sometimes not
like you just not a big garage sale guy
or
>> I I like them. We just don't I don't
know what it is. Like this past
Saturday, we probably had 50 of them.
But they were all 8:00 a.m. to 12:00
p.m.
>> And I'm like, I can't go to all 50 of
them. And the first one went to was a
church sale and we stayed there for like
an hour because it was so good. And by
the time it was over,
>> everything's done or everything's gone.
Most of the good stuff at least. So, I
don't know. We found some really good
stuff at garage sales, but they our area
just next weekend there's not going to
be any. There'll be like four and
they're all 20 minutes away from each
other.
>> So,
>> so the I I guess you're right there. The
the bins, they're open every day.
>> They're predictable. You don't have to
There's not Yeah. Okay.
>> You don't You don't have to I mean, some
days you might go and not find anything,
but
>> Right.
>> most to find at least something.
>> Are the bins like really super
competitive where you are? Like I like I
I went to the bins one time and like it
was total chaos. Everybody's just like
waiting for the new ones to come rolling
out.
>> They're all rushing over. I'm like,
"This is not for me." And I never
>> I can't do it. I can't do crowds and
rushing and elbows and all that, man. I
can't do it.
>> Yeah. Our ours is pretty chill. It's
It's like the same crowd every day.
>> Um you know, everybody knows what
everybody's looking for. Like there's a
little bit of rushing. Um but generally
speaking, it's it's very chill compared
to other ones we've been to. I've been
to the one in Vegas. I've been to the
one in Orlando. Um, you know, those can
get a little little crazy.
>> Our our location doesn't put out new
bins. They just have they restock in the
morning when the doors open and then
that's it.
>> Mhm.
>> So, so all you say everybody knows
everybody. So, everybody knows you're
like a a YouTube celebrity
>> when you're there. Is that
>> You got to put that in quotations. But
>> No, I don't. Why Why would you have to
put that in quotations? It's yeah I I
just I don't feel like that. I mean I
know that we could maybe be considered
like reseller celebrities in the niche
but
>> you know it's it's very small. Like I
don't expect to
>> How often do you get recognized in the
public?
>> Very rarely unless we're at like Well,
if if we're if you want to count like
the bins and stuff then yeah almost
every time like somebody says something.
But if I'm like not in a thrifting or
reselling environment, maybe like once
every three or four months. Like it's
pretty rare.
>> Wow.
>> And honestly, I I enjoy it. We went to
Disney World one time like three years
ago and these people recognize us there.
I was like, "This is awesome." Like they
were happy. I took a picture with I was
happy. Like it's great. I I'm I'm very
content with being at this level of
celebrity where it's not yet annoying.
Like I love when people like recognize
us and say nice things.
>> It's awesome.
>> Yeah, it's fun.
>> I'm surprised you I'm surprised you feel
like it's at that level though. I I I
would have
But you're right. like even in our local
area uh we we are much like
much lower scale you know like than than
what y'all are doing but yeah we get
recognized constantly but when we go to
like Walmart or something like that
never ever
>> never yeah
>> maybe
>> see when it's in a non-reseller
environment it feels different it's like
oh this is awesome like this channel has
a reach outside of just people that are
doing this thing you M.
>> So, it makes it feel makes it feel real.
Makes it feel like you're making a
difference in the world.
>> Do Do you have any people at your bins
that don't want to be on camera that ask
you not to point the camera at them or
anything like that?
>> Not really. I mean, the It's funny that
the store manager uh does not like us at
all.
>> She she very very much like anti us, but
it's like the Goodwill corporate people
don't mind us. like the Goodwill
corporate region manager. He was there
last week and he was like, "Hey, Harry,
Torino, whatever. Welcome in."
>> So, it's like I'm sure that she has
asked
>> if she could like ask us not to film and
they're like, "No, let him film." You
know, because I'm sure we bring people
to vins all the time, you know?
>> But other than her, I mean, she's just
like, "Don't put me on camera ever."
Okay.
>> You're good. For from her perspective
though, I can kind of understand that
because there's not going to be
something that one of her employees does
where somebody's like there's only
downside in her estimation, right? All
you are is a liability to expose
something they're not doing right.
>> Yeah,
>> that's probably what the way she looks
at it.
>> You know,
>> I get it.
>> And and I try like I try not to get
anybody, especially the employees, like
>> I try not to get their faces or
anything. If I actually catch them doing
something that I think is questionable,
I go I make sure not to put that in
there because I don't want to get kicked
out. I don't want to cause I just want
to show the stuff we're finding, you
know?
>> Right.
>> Like one time we found a box of
ammunition. Haley found a box like a
full box 59 mm bullets and I was like in
the bins. Yeah. I was like, should I put
this in there because I feel like they
this shouldn't be here. We did and
nothing happened and it was a cool video
but I don't know.
>> That is wild.
>> Yeah. Are they supposed to go through
all that stuff to make sure that kind of
thing isn't there before the carts roll
out or
>> I don't know what I mean? What do you
would think that they're supposed to
like check, you know, what if there's a
bomb in there or something? I don't
know.
>> Like I'm sure they don't. I'm sure they
just get like our the cool thing about
our bins location is that it's also a
donation location.
>> So very often when they get overwhelmed,
they'll just take raw donations like
full sealed trash bags and just put them
in the bins. So we get to dig through
like literally unsorted donations and
that's where you can find the really
good stuff,
>> but you know that they just don't have
time. They don't have the time or the
manpower to sort through all that stuff.
>> So So most So the most of the stuff
though, like when it ends up at the
bins, is this stuff that has gone
through retail locations already and
then it didn't sell so then they sent it
to the bins or is it something else?
I think it's a mixture. I think that's
generally what it is, especially at
other bins locations. And I've also seen
that most other bins are all clothing or
at least like 90% clothing, whereas ours
is like 50% hard goods and 50% clothing.
>> Wow.
>> And uh at our location, I think it's I
mean sometimes sometimes we'll find
things with Goodwill tags on it where
they wanted too much money. It ends up
there. Other things we there's not tags
at all. I'm like, "Well, if it's not
tagged, that means it wasn't at a
Goodwill store, so it's probably a raw
donation." And sometimes we'll find
their e-commerce stuff, like stuff that
Goodwill tried to sell on
shopgoodwill.com, and it didn't sell
there. And then they just throw it to
bins.
>> And it's so funny the stuff that they
list. I'm like, who thought this was a
good idea to list this thing? Like, this
is terrible. I don't even want it. And
we're at the bins.
>> I saw you posted the other day on
Facebook. Uh I think you were just at
like a regular Goodwill store, though.
It wasn't the bins. They had like they
was it padded flat rate envelopes? Yeah.
For sale on the shelf.
>> I've I've seen other people find them. I
guess somebody, you know, some reseller
or something donated them. They had some
extra. Goodwill doesn't know. They're
just like whatever. Put them for two
bucks. Wasn't a big deal, but it was a
good Facebook video. Got like 80,000
views. It's made like $11 so far.
>> Illegal item.
>> Goodwill's going to prison. And so the
comments on it was so funny. People
like, "Did they have any idea they could
get life in prison for that?" I'm like,
"No way.
>> Calm down. Calm down. Nobody's going to
prison."
>> Yeah. I We We've been doing this a long
time and I like I have never heard of
anyone that like used like priority flat
rate bubble mailers or whatever as
interior packing and then they got they
got caught
>> and now they're doing time upstate or
something, you know, like that's not a
thing that happens. No, you know.
No, it's just uh I remember one time on
whatnot, this guy was selling uh 4x6
thermal labels and he was selling like
5,000 for 20 bucks. I was like
>> that's Yeah. So I bought them. I was
like I bet these are the UPS labels. And
they were
>> and I remember I I took it to the UPS
store. I was like, "What do you what do
you think about this?" And they're like,
"I don't what do you want me to do?" But
I'm like, "I don't know."
>> It's like they don't care. Like it's Is
it wrong? Yeah. Is anybody going to
care? Probably not. that you know
whatever.
>> So you said flea markets are flea market
you said flea markets are expensive
earlier. Why do you think that is
>> it? Because obviously you used to buy a
lot from the flea market before. Like
what changed?
>> I mean we still buy buy things. It's
just there's different people. There's
people that go on the flea market every
week and they are looking for that in
buyer like hey this thing's 50 bucks on
eBay. I'm asking 40. Somebody will buy
it maybe eventually. But you know that's
not what we're looking for. We're
looking for the people that are out
there one day with a bunch of junk that
they want to get rid of. Um, and those
people are harder to find. So, and
generally you can see who's got what,
you know,
>> but um, but I don't know. We'll see the
same this this this one one table's been
bringing out all these Hallmark
Christmas ornaments like every weekend
for two and a half almost three years at
this point. And I remember one time when
I first started whatnot, I I was like,
"What do you want to sell them all? I'll
buy them all from you." And he was like,
"No, I don't want to sell them all." And
he's asking like $105 a piece on these.
I was like, I $3 a piece. He wouldn't do
it. And he's still bringing those out.
Like every weekend he's dragging those
out.
>> $3 a piece would have been really good
for him. I mean, you might have been
able to make a little money on them, but
I don't pay $3 a piece for that. Like,
yeah, you trying to get like a big box
for like 20 bucks or something, right?
Yeah.
>> And that and that's one thing that I I
think I commented on one of your
Facebook posts about Lonnie. You you
said I think your post was about like if
you buy something at a yard sale or
whatever and you get it home and you
find out that it's worth a ton of money,
would you go back and give the guy more
money later on or something like that.
Um and it was a good post. I think it
had a lot of comments, but I commented I
was because that same thing happened. We
bought a bunch of rocks from this guy at
the flea market, like crystals and
stuff. And we bought from him before and
I knew he was somebody that got
inventory. Like he was really good at
finding bulk things. We paid him $1,000
for all the rocks and we ended up
through three whatnot shows we did
almost $11,000 in sales on those.
>> Whoa.
>> So I went back and gave him another
$1,000.
>> And he was like, "Well, that's that's
crazy." You know, I'm like, "Not
really." Like, "I'm still making profit.
This helps you out a ton. We got another
video out of it." just that the video we
made going back and giving him $1,000
made like 2,200 bucks in advers and so
buddy.
>> Yeah. I'm just I have no problem. And
now he he know like next time he gets
rocks, who's he going to call?
>> He's going to call me 100%. You know,
because he knows that and everybody at
the flea market knows like I will if
it's if you have something that I can
sell, I will pay you as much as I
possibly can as long as it makes sense,
you know? So, I don't want to be known
as the the cheapkate Commonwealth
picker. 25 cents, will you take 10?
>> Right. That's Dude, that's what I've
been telling people this year because
I've been filming a little now. Uh,
again with the meta glasses and um
that's what I've been telling people
this year
>> is I've been more upfront. I mean, like,
yeah, look, we're eBay sellers.
>> I want to spend as much money as
possible here. I want to buy as much as
possible as long as it makes sense.
>> Yeah.
>> And like when you frame it that way, I
want to give you as much money as I can.
The more I give you, the happier I'll
be.
>> Mhm.
>> When you put it when you when you put it
like that, they like it changes things
for them. Like it I think I really I
think I feel like it they open up. Maybe
I'm wrong, but it sure feels different
than me being like sneaky
>> trying to hide my intentions and and get
over or whatever,
>> you know? Like it it it's definitely got
a different vibe rather than
>> trying to just knock everybody down on
every single thing, which I used to do.
And it's not necessarily a bad thing. It
it's not I mean if if you especially if
you're a reseller without a YouTube
channel and you don't have like the only
way you make money is by selling things
there's nothing wrong with negotiating
negotiate down to 10 cents if if your
family is depending on this income
obviously you want to get the stuff for
as cheap as possible but for people that
are in our situation I think
>> paying up is as beneficial in the long
run. Well, we we deal with a lot of the
same people over and over and over, too,
though. Like, even at garage sales,
there are people that now they'll have
like, you know, a lot of people have two
garage sales a year,
>> and that might not sound like a lot, but
I know all these people now. Like, I've
gone to their garage sale like dozens of
times at this point,
>> you know? So, and they me they remember,
especially if you buy if you make a big
purchase from them, they remember when
you come up again. And you know, past
that, we have like private connections
that we do business with. We can't cheap
out on them.
>> And then we have our estate sale runners
that we do business with. We can't slash
them to the bone. They won't call us
back.
>> So, you know, like
>> that's like that's like a guy Guy.
Didn't you meet him? He was a garage
sale seller.
>> Yeah. But
>> Yeah.
>> But I was like I was taking him to the
bone and he was just
>> Oh, really?
>> He didn't he didn't care. He thought it
was funny or whatever. like me trying.
But yeah. Yeah. I I' I've definitely
changed the way I feel a lot about um
because I used to be really proud of,
>> you know, they were asking two. I got it
for a buck. I did that 50 times last
Saturday. That's $50.
>> $50 ain't that easy to come by really if
you think about it.
>> It's like uh Gary Vee when he does his
trash talk um garage sale videos. He's
like, "She wanted five. She didn't get
it." I'm like, here he's a
multi-millionaire and he's like
negotiating people from $3 down to one
just just for fun. I love it. It is.
>> But he's trying to relate with people
that are that don't have the that aren't
millionaires that don't have the social
media following. So, it doesn't
>> that it is fun though because every time
you do like win
>> the negotiation, it is a little bit of a
hit. I can't lie. It's a hit.
>> Gotcha. You know, like it's a hit.
I won. We lost. Ha.
>> I'm glad I don't do that anymore,
though.
>> Yeah.
>> Lonnie, can I ask you a personal
question?
>> Oh my goodness. Yes.
>> I I remember I don't remember what
episode it was of this podcast, but you
had mentioned that, you know, the last
months or year of your life, you've
changed a lot of things and you've
done a lot of stuff. you mentioned um
something about your spirituality. Could
could you dive into that a little bit?
Like what does that mean for you?
>> Okay, that that's actually a really good
question and one I've not been asked and
or talked about as yet. Wow.
>> No, it's kind of per it's really
personal, but it's one I'm I'm ready to
talk about it, but u I don't have a
whole lot of clarity yet. But I went on
like a um
I went on like kind of a health journey
with Ryan and you know running and we
ended up doing the marathon, the half
marathon together up in Manchester last
November and um
everything and and during that that
process
um
I felt I had like these feelings just
coming into me
and I've always been really like fairly
cynical
and I don't have like all the details
and I don't have it all figured out but
at some point this is going to sound
really corny maybe probably not to you
guys but um actually I told Ryan one
night while while I was up there uh I
realized at one point I was like I'm
100% sure there is a God.
Um, and I I just had that
I just had that realization moment.
Um,
and then and and things just started
really connecting for me.
>> And um, I started looking at things
differently, looking at people
differently.
>> Uh, I still am and I still haven't
figured all that stuff out. like I'm not
like I'm not like a born again Christian
or anything like that at this point, but
I'm I'm I'm I want to be. Um
but no, it's been I I it's hard to it's
hard to explain. Um
>> and I haven't tried to do it, but no, I
just had like
um a spiritual moment or actually quite
a few. Ryan could probably talk a little
bit more on it, too. uh because and I
haven't really voiced this so I'm not
really being really clear but I had a
moment where I just knew there was a God
and and and everything changed for me
just my my outlook on everything my
approach to people me understanding what
drives other people me understanding I I
feel like I have a better understanding
of the of what pain I've been in I've
I've I've been able to under like
identify it in others and not take
criticisms quite like I used to I used
to take them to heart and now like some
things I do but some things like
whenever someone lashes out at me I'm
I'm I'm like okay I remember me as that
guy it's not really about me it's about
they are in some kind of pain and so I'm
going to give them a pass and I'm not
going to get engaged with that
>> you know like I I've just I feel like
I've I've become a lot more um
I I I feel like I I I see it now to some
extent But I also see a bunch of stuff
that I don't understand and that's kind
of overwhelming too. So,
>> right.
>> I'm sorry.
>> Sorry it's so vague.
>> No, I I get it. Were you raised like
religious at all? Your parents or
anything?
>> Yeah. Yeah, I went Yeah, I was I was
raised Southern Baptist and I went to
church probably uh I went a good bit
with my grandparents.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh but it was just a chore at that
point. It wasn't anything I believed in
necessarily. I'd go to Sunday school and
>> it was something to get through.
>> Yep.
>> You know, that's all it was for me.
>> Feel like that's a very There's going to
be people listening to this podcast are
like, "Yep, that's me."
>> Yep.
>> I had to be in church because my grandma
was dragging me in there,
>> right? I mean, yeah. It wasn't something
I was really into or ever really
believed in. And I've always kind of
wondered like, is there a god or not?
And uh I never really was at a point
where I'm like there is not a god. Mhm.
>> But uh yeah, and I still haven't figured
it all out, like I said. So,
>> it's not um
>> it's it's definitely not a bad thing to
question things. I forget who was in the
Bible, but this
>> I'm I'm I'm a Christian, but I'm not a
Bible scholar, but there's somebody in
the Old Testament who there's a
scripture that said he like wrestled
with God. I was like, man, that's like
when you really think about it, like
>> was it David that wrestled with God?
>> And I was like, man, that's rough. Like
you can wrestle with with anybody.
You're going to choose to wrestle with
God. But it but it's not it's not a sin
to like question things and ask God
like, "Hey, what is why do I feel like
this? Why is this happen?" You know, and
it God's not going to guarantee to
answer everything. But I think just
being um having that spirit of
questioning and like wondering and um
being willing to
change, you know, as you gather more
information and have more things
>> revealed to you, I think is is
beautiful. So, I'll be praying for you,
man. This is awesome.
>> Thank you. And and and you know, it's
it's also something that like I'm not
completely comfortable with too because
I als I also understand that there's a
large part of the population that thinks
that's a bunch of hogwash. Uh you're an
idiot like you know you believe make
believe stuff or what and I totally
understand that.
>> Yeah. Because like Ryan has always been,
you know, like he's alluded to the his
the the like his Christian side, I
guess, or anytime he's talked about
religion or God or his faith. I've
always like in the past I was like, you
know what, like I think that's kind of
silly. Honestly, deep down I I don't
believe that. But I, you know, I never
said anything like that to Ryan, you
know, but uh that's why it it it makes
me a little hesitant to to really talk
about it much myself because I don't
number one, I don't understand it, and
number two, I think I know a lot of
people it's going to be a big turnoff.
>> Yep.
>> You know, religion and politics, right?
I don't I don't talk about it openly a
lot on our channel, but people I think
if people spend people know, you know,
and I think that's really my job as as a
Christian that's been given this
platform. Like people don't come to our
channel to hear me preach. They come to
the channel to see somebody that
>> is a good representation of Christ. Like
what would My goal is to be who Jesus
would be if Jesus were a YouTube
reseller, you know, like live as closely
to that example as I as I can. Um,
>> and but but people do they really get
turned off by that
>> and I get it both from
>> Sorry, go ahead.
>> No, I was just gonna say I I understand
some of it, you know, to some extent
because then, you know, there's a lot of
uh grift going on in religion, too.
>> So, but but yeah, I didn't mean to
interrupt you. Uh Josh, go ahead.
>> Oh, no, no, you're fine. I I was just
going to say I get it from from both
both uh ends of the spectrum, though.
Like if I ever one time I I was at the
flea market and somebody just said, "How
are you?" And I said, "Blessed and
forgiven." Just randomly. I don't even
know why I said it. Just what I felt
like saying at the time. And I had like
this guy comment on the video just going
after like, "What do you mean blessed
forgiven of what?" Like what? What if
like he just freaked out on this? I'm
like, "This is you've got some trauma or
something if you're getting this upset
over me saying that."
>> But then I also every time I wear, not
every time, but I have a Jurassic Park
t-shirt that I wear. Uh and this guy's
commented two or three times. He's like,
"As a Christian, you shouldn't wear that
because dinosaurs are not in the Bible
and that is a sin." I'm like, "Okay." Or
Harry Potter, if we pick up a Harry
Potter book, there's people like,
"That's witchcraft." I'm like, "Calm
down. Calm down."
>> But yeah, it's people get fired up, man,
from both ends.
>> It was It was Thanks for asking that
question, Josh.
Lonnie hasn't hasn't really spoken on
that and I know he has wanted to and he
hasn't had like a opportunity to or
whatever and it is uncomfortable but it
like from my perspective it was really
cool to see um cuz like I've been a
Christian my whole life and
>> honestly I fell away for for a while you
know in the past I would say I don't
know three four years ago I was kind of
not not about the God thing at all I was
just kind of I was running you know and
uh
>> but it it's interesting because I feel
Like Lonnie and I both kind of moved
back that way at the same time. Like I
was always a Christian and but I was I
never preached it and like like Lonnie
will say this, I never really talked to
him about God or anything,
>> but he knew my beliefs on it.
>> And it was cool to see just like us like
like I think it was just God working,
but like us kind of come onto that path
at the same time, you know? like I'm
coming back to it and he's kind of
discovering it and
>> yeah,
>> it it was great. It was really cool. So,
>> and it's always easier to uh
>> it's easy to pursue hard things when you
pursue it together.
>> Um so, like both the spiritual side of
things and the health things like you
guys said that
>> you kind of teamed up together and did
this. So, I mean that's
>> that's awesome. I've actually been
wanting to cuz like Retro Rick's a
Christian. He he used to be a ministry
song leader in like this huge mega
church in Arkansas and and Phoenix
resell a Christian. I was like, I need
to reach out to these guys and see if we
can get like a once a week Bible study
like Monday morning 6 a.m. or something
just to start the week off with like
like-minded individuals who kind of do
the same thing and like, hey, let's
here's what this week's look like. Let's
start off,
>> you know?
>> You know what else it's helped me with?
Um Josh, I'd like to mention this too is
that like yeah, we're having you on
today
>> and I think you understand that, you
know, like when we invite you here, you
know, we we're getting a lot from you.
Like you're helping our podcast because
like our numbers I know I I know I I I
was like, "Yeah, I got more views than
Harry Tornado on the You know, you
>> I need to check those views. make sure
they're still I think you understand
that was like a joke, right? Like it was
also very true, but it was like
>> there were factors that were driving
that, right? You get it. Like I don't
think I'm a bigger like bigger act or
anything, right? I I don't think that.
>> But
what like other than like there's a few
like this this show is I'm I'm so glad
you came on too, especially when you
went down this road. This is really cool
that you did that.
>> But
in general, like now when I think of
things,
>> not all the time, but with this podcast,
we want to serve oursel,
>> but we really want to serve others, too.
Like, that's really what we're doing
here.
>> We're having you.
>> The reason you're here
>> is because you help us to help others in
the future.
>> Sure. Yeah, like we're sapping some of
your power to make us more powerful so
that we can have more impact ourself to
help other people
>> while also hopefully helping ourselves
at the same time because we need to
prosper too.
>> Exactly.
>> And so that that's the way that's one
thing that's changed for me is I want
more I want everything that I'm involved
in to always be a winwin win for
everybody involved.
>> I don't know what we're bringing you
right now. Hopefully, like that's why we
really appreciate you coming because we
don't have a lot to offer for you.
>> No, I I I appreciate the invite. I mean,
this is this is fun. I always like
talking with people and and I know you
know we've I don't know if you consider
butttheads. We've had some interactions
in the past that
>> we never talked though. We never talked
before. I think I messaged you on
Instagram a couple like we had a a a
friendly conversation like after I
talked about you on like uh triple
triple thrift triple thrift podcast or
something and then it just kind of
dissipated. But I don't know. It's just
nice to just
>> sit down and talk with people that you
>> you know you've known for a while but
you've never really got to know.
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, this has been awesome
man. And like I said, um I I you're kind
of in the class of like a Craigslist
hunter for me, you know, like you agree
to come on, you're not going to get a
thing out of it. So, this was like like
it's really cool that you're going to
help help what we're doing here. And we
truly do appreciate that.
>> Appreciate it, man.
>> Really do.
>> It's not all about um you know,
self-benefit. like I I'm I you know it
it's like a a pay it forward type thing
like we've we've been blessed with an
audience and success and stuff and I at
this point it just
>> I think if we continue to stay humble
and help others without expecting
anything in return then that the
business will just keep keep growing and
keep going regardless you know I'm not
going to say it's karma but
>> um you know just keep being nice. Keep
being nice. Keep helping people. Keep
overpaying for things at the flea
market. Keep talking to people.
>> You know, just
>> But but we do we actually have that
conversation because like we it's easy
to get off track like when you're trying
to build something. Um especially if
your view maybe the views aren't quite
what you want them to be or whatever. We
do occasionally remind each other, Ryan.
And we're like, you know, our mission
here,
>> right,
>> is to is what can we do for others?
>> Like that's that's we don't like we're
not like
>> Yeah. That's why we're here. We want to
help
>> literally why we started this
>> and we have
>> this is a result of what like we were
just talking about what happened last
year with us. This this podcast.
>> Yep.
>> It is. So
it's cool. But well, thank you Josh.
This was a great conversation. I did not
expect it to go to go to get to this
part or to go down this road, but
>> I'm thankful it did. That was that was
cool. So,
>> me too. I I hope we can maybe have a
part two one day.
>> Yeah.
>> Are you doing any kind of podcasting
yourself? Like you used to do stuff like
that, man. What happened? Don't
>> You have the time.
>> I do. I do have the time. Uh I don't
know. It's just starting a podcast
especially with two other people is
difficult
>> because eventually people just lose
interest or start doing like I did the
Joshes of reselling back in the day.
>> I remember that
>> and I haven't even talked to Suburban
Beard in four years and a lot of Josh's
>> working some fancy job somewhere. I
don't know.
>> He's in I think he's like up in New York
City or somewhere around or Jersey like
right across from Yeah. me when we went
to New York for the eBay thing, I met up
with him there. Haley and I had lunch
with him or dinner with him and his wife
and that was the last time I've seen
him. And then the triple thrift guys, I
haven't talked to Joey in a while. I
don't really know what he's doing, but
I'm going to we're going to Florida next
week, so I'm going to hang out with Drew
and hit the bins or something. But yeah,
it's I do not have any podcast. I I'm a
lone wolf. Maybe Haley and I will start
something one day. I don't think she's
interested in that though.
>> Nah. and go go just play another round
of golf, man. You don't need to know
that.
>> Amen.
>> All right, man. Well, uh again, thanks
for coming on. We really appreciate it.
Thanks for watching, guys. Go subscribe
to uh Harry Tornado. Yeah,
>> if you're if you haven't substorm,
substorm
>> for some reason or not, subscribe to
Harry.
>> Uh but uh yeah, thanks Josh. This was
fun.
>> Thanks for having me on.
>> See you guys. Bye y'all.